## Choral the Conqueror
**Choral Rogarvia** was the founder and first king of [[Brevoy]], a joint nation formed from the union of [[Brevoy#Issia]] and [[Brevoy#Rostland]]. Choral invaded the region in 4499 AR. Issia's ruling [[Brevic Noble Houses#House Surtova]] was able to retain much of its power and wealth under Choral's leadership through an arranged marriage to Lord [[Nikos Surtova]]'s daughter, [[Myrna Surtova]], in exchange for the noble house's compliance with Choral's incursion. Rostland's [[Aldori Swordlords]], however, did not accede to a peace. They fought but were ultimately defeated by a pair of Choral's red dragon allies at the *Valley of Fire*. Choral founded [[Brevic Noble Houses#House Rogarvia]] as the new ruling party.

For ten years, Choral led Brevoy from the Dragonscale Throne at the Ruby Fortress in [[New Stetven]].

In 4509 AR, Choral and his red dragon allies disappeared, leaving his descendents to rule Brevoy. However, every member of the noble house disappeared in 4699 AR. It is not known where Choral went, though rumors state that he disappeared into the depths of the *Gronzi Forest*.

## Baron Sirian Aldori
**Baron Sirian First**, a hotheaded and impulsive noble forced to emigrate from Taldor after losing one too many duels, served as the leader of [[Brevoy#Rostland]] in the latter half of the *Age of Enthronement*. After the fledgling colony suffered a number of brutal attacks from bandit lords to the south, First accepted a challenge from the ruling bandit lord in 3035 AR to duel for the future of the burgeoning settlement. Though he was defeated, he returned in 3044 AR to reclaim his land. Now answering to the name **Sirian Aldori**, he won the rematch in mere seconds.

He left a standing offer of 100,000 gold pieces to any who could best him in a battle of blades, though none were able to claim the prize, even through trickery or magic. Though at first he refused to teach any of his techniques, he eventually capitulated and began to train a select group who eventually became known as the [[Aldori Swordlords]], who would continue to rule Rostland for generations until being conquered by [[Historical Figures#Choral the Conqueror]].
